---
layout: post
permalink: :slug
published: true
title: Session 10
toc:
  - reading-reflection
  - lecture
  - group-activity
  - next-class
---

## Reading Reflection

We'll spend 20 minutes writing a reflection on the reading from last week. As you write, I'll pick out some highlights to discuss as a class.

Post your reflections here: [Reading Reflection – What is Code?](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZFc4ueUMhoUiUMcjh16CQ8NPbEOnKpcbi-z-74uipso/edit?usp=sharing)

## Lecture

[Today’s lecture](https://jackrieger.github.io/core-2-interaction-lab/lectures/intermediate-javascript/) is a continuation of JavaScript.

## Break

## Group Activity

Get into groups of 3.

We are going to write some _programs_:

> A program is a set of instructions that a computer can execute. It usually (but not always) contains:
>
> Variables: Used to store data values<br>
> Functions: Blocks of code designed to perform a particular task<br>
> Control structures: Conditional statements (if/else/else if) and loops that control the flow of the program

Each group will write a program that does one of the following:

- a program that reads a fruit name and returns the color of the fruit
- a program that loops over a string and prints each letter
- a program that takes two numbers and can add, subtract, or multiply them

You will have 30 minutes to create a solution. Then, you will share what you did with the class and explain how it works (get as far as you can, even if you don't finish).

## Next class

Your seventh entry is due next class. You must use JavaScript, in some way, to enhance the page.

Submit the URL of your site to Canvas, like so:

`USERNAME.github.io/harmonic-collection/entry-7`
